857 add mediaType codelist (#1314)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/codelists.md

:file: ../../build/current_lang/codelists/extendedProcurementCategory.csv
```

### Media type

> The media type codelist is based on the [IANA Media Types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml) with one additional code for offline documents: 'offline/print'. The codelist omits deprecated and obsoleted media types.

Reviewer: Putting all differences with IANA in one sentence:

```suggestion
The media type codelist is based on the [IANA Media Types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml) list. The media type codelist adds an exceptional code for printed documents ('offline/print'), and omits any media type that is marked as deprecated or obsolete by IANA.
```
